## Problems ERC777 Solves

ERC777 was created as a token standard to fix issues and add functionality to ERC20. It is backwards compatible with ERC20. Hooks and operators are the major additions

#### Approve and Pull Flow

One of the main issues with ERC20 is the approve and transfer flow for sending tokens.
To swap an ERC20 on Uniswap, you must first approve a spending limit, usually arbitrarily high for the Uniswap contract in one tx. In the next tx, the transfer actually takes place.
ERC777 potentially fixes this issue by introducing hooks.

With the **_ERC777TokensRecipient_** hook, contracts can execute code when they receive an ERC777. So you could just send a certain token and the contract could you send back a corresponding token back.

#### Missent / Spam Tokens

With the **_tokensReceivedhook_**, you can prevent unwanted tokens from being sent to an address by reverting. You can also make sure that an address is able to receive tokens. This is in contrast to ERC20 where if sent to the wrong address, they are forever unrecoverable.

#### Minor Fixes

ERC20 doesn't specify a decimals formally. ERC777 defaults to 18. As well, erc777 uses send (dest, value, data) which is more similar to ether.

## Issues with ERC777

The main issue with erc777 is that it can lead to reentrancy attacks if not implemented or used properly. A famous case of this occured with the imBTC token on Uniswap. The attacker is able to do multiple trades or withdraws and receive a lot more tokens than they would had they not "re-entered".

## Problems ERC1363 Solves

ERC1363 is a payable ERC20 token. It has less functionality than ERC777 but more than ERC20. The main issue it solves is that it allows for notifications of tokens transfers. It allows to make a callback after a transfer or approval in a single transaction.
